# Roadmap

As part of the assignment, a couple of User Stories and Technical Work will be listed here. The decision to split the work into those two types is because some work involves behind the scenes work that would not have direct user value or would not be driven by user requests.

## A note on the result

- I spent about 12 hours on this assignment and I wasn't near implementing all things I wanted to implement. Some things that I only implemented on a basic level due to time constraints were: tests, algorithm improvements (even though I'm not the best at algorithms), implementing a real database, CI/CD, deployment.
- Usually I would have added new functionality through small commits. Small commits make sure that bugs are pinpointed easier, decreases test time (if CI is setup correctly), will decrease the chance of merge conflicts and will bring the code in the hands of co-developers earlier. Since these are all CI or teamwork related, it wouldn't make sense to apply this way of working for this assignment.

## User Stories

- #1 As an admin, I want to gain insights in my revenue earned through parking.
- #2 As a user, I'd like to be recognized by my number plate, so that I don't have to provide my car information by hand.
- #3 As a user, I'd like to connect multiple number plates to my account, so I have an overview of all the parking expenses in one place.
- #4 As an admin, I'd like to have a graphical user interface, so I can interact with the system in a user friendly manner.

## Technical Work

- **Increase test coverage to make sure we're able to deploy with thorough manual testing.** Due to the constraints in time, I only implemented a few basic integration tests. Ideally all public methods of all services should be tested.
- **Revisit the parking session check in algorithm to improve time complexity when looking up available parking spaces.** Since haven't used a real database for this assignment, I had to build the lookup myself. While doing so, I didn't focus too much on time complexity. Revisiting this will increase the performance of the application.
- **Build new integrations of the persistency services to support Postgresql, to make sure data doesn't get lost between startups.** I didn't choose to use a database to simplify the deployability of this application. Using a database will make the data persistent and the lookup of data more efficient. The architecture of this application makes it easy to implement additional datasources.
- **Revisit the separation of concerns.** Currently, different persistency services are responsible for fetching different models. Separating the fetching might cause unnecessary lookups. Consolidating these services might increase performance.
- **Implement Sentry.io.** This will make sure the development team won't miss a single error and is able to respond immediately to incidents.
- **Implement Datadog.** This will give us more insights in what's happening on our servers, helping us squash bugs and trace errors.
- **Refactor the `IBuildingsService` and `IParkingSessionsService` to avoid the circular dependency.** A circular dependency might be an indication of separation of concerns to applied correctly. This will improve our architecture.
- **Deploy the server on a auto scaling cloud service like Railway.** This will make us able to serve spikes of users.
- **Further extend the documentation generated by OpenAPI to cover all requests and responses.** Even though OpenAPI does a great job generating a boilerplate documentation, it would be incredibly useful for our frontend developers to know how our API's work. Also, when documented correctly, other clients might use this documentation to generate an SDK, unlocking end-to-end typesafety.
- **Implement CI/CD.** On every push, I want my code to be tested automatically, and if all green, to be deployed automatically. My goal would be to decrease the _mean lead time for changes_ and to increase the _deployment frequence_. This will make sure we will be able to bring value to the customers fast and reliable, without burdening developers with manually having to test and deploy our application. Increased DevEx => increased velocity => increased delivery of value => increased organisational performance.
